Added audit logs, runtime logs, and updated job management (#1888)
vesoft-inc/nebula-docs: docs-2.0/nebula-dashboard-ent/4.cluster-operator/cluster-information/runtime-log.md

# Runtime log

> Runtime logs are provided for DBAs and developers to locate faults when the system fails. Dashboard Enterprise Edition allows you to quickly view runtime logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DBAs and developers can use runtime logs to investigate and identify issues when the system malfunctions. Dashboard Enterprise Edition allows you to quickly view runtime logs.
```
